Fix CoFest links to be year specific (#181)
OBF/OBF.github.io: content/page/bosc-2026.md

![BOSC 2025 organizing committee](/img/2025/bosc2025-img/Carlo%20Moni%20Deepak%20Nomi%20-%20CoFest%20table.jpeg)

> BOSC will be followed on July 17-18 by a [CollaborationFest (CoFest for short)](/events/bosc-2026/collaborationfest/), a two-day collaborative work session. This is an opportunity for anyone interested in open science, biology or programming to meet, talk and work collaboratively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BOSC 2026 was followed on July 17-18 by a [CollaborationFest (CoFest for short)](/events/bosc-2026/collaborationfest/), a two-day collaborative work session. CoFests provide an opportunity for anyone interested in open science, biology or programming to meet, talk and work collaboratively.
```
